= Introduction =
The *GENERAL_INFO_BLOCK* structure is used by the virus to track some important information like the _original address_ where the structure has been inially initialized (ORIG_VAR_ADDR_XORRED) or the _random module name_ (RANDOM_KERNEL32_NAME). Currently there are 2 unused variables probably used for *debugging information* or in *previous version*, one them set to zero.

= Structure =
The structure is *128 bytes* long.

The C structure is the following:
{{{
typedef struct {
    UINT32 ORIG_VAR_ADDR_XORRED;
    UINT32 UNUSED_ZERO_VAR;
    UINT32 UNUSED_UNSET_VAR;
    WCHAR RANDOM_KERNEL32_NAME[58];
} GENERAL_INFO_BLOCK;
}}}

= Variables =
Following the variables of the structure are analized.
== ORIG_VAR_ADDR_XORRED ==
The variable *ORIG_VAR_ADDR_XORRED* tracks the original address where the structure has been initalized.

This variable is _xorred_ with the number *0xAE1979DD* (2920905181).

== UNUSED_ZERO_VAR ==
The variable *UNUSED_ZERO_VAR* is set to zero and unused in the entire virus. Probably it was used in debugging process or in previous versions of the virus.

== UNUSED_UNSET_VAR ==
The variable *UNUSED_UNSET_VAR* is unused and unset in the entire virus. Probably it was used in debugging process or in previous versions of the virus.

== RANDOM_KERNEL32_NAME ==
The variable *RANDOM_KERNEL32_NAME* is a unicode string used by the virus to bypass antivirus once the main dll has been loaded and executed in the memory. The name refers to a dll which doesn't exist and has the following format: *KERNEL32.DLL.ASLR.%08x*.

Example: *KERNEL32.DLL.ASLR.082b0e1f*

The variable is _always_ *40 WCHARs* long, but for padding reason is set to *58 WCHARs*.